Document release scripts (#11)
squid-cache/ci: release/README.md

## Squid Release Automation

### mk-cfgman-docs.sh

Publish the latest [Squid Configuration Guide](http://www.squid-cache.org/Doc/config/).

### mk-langpack.sh

Publish the latest [Squid Translation Package](http://www.squid-cache.org/Versions/langpack/).

### mk-release-series.sh

> Branch and publish a new [Squid Series](https://wiki.squid-cache.org/ReleaseSchedule).

Reviewer: For consistency with other entries, and to highlight the fact that the script automatically increments the current series number by one:

```suggestion
Branch and publish the next [Squid Series](https://wiki.squid-cache.org/ReleaseSchedule).
```
